hey everyone and welcome back to hey
skits and I'm gonna show you how to do a
gluten-free chocolate waffle
he doesn't like waffles no one um if
you've got a waffle maker it's handy you
haven't got one why not they're ideal
for taking loads of space up in your
cupboard but you're only using once a
year if not you can use a griddle pan on
this if you want to griddle your waffles
a nice big cast-iron griddle will do
just as good a job um so chocolates
waffles we're gonna use almond flour as
than the normal flour so if you wanna
make fat yourself almonds food presser
whiz it up makes a powder becomes the
flour same as you've used gluten-free
oats if you want to gluten free oats
into the food processor
whizz them up and again you got your
flour basis basically um so ingredients
we have one and a half cups of ground
almond flour we've got two teaspoons of
cocoa powder some natural yogurt just to
pour over the top a couple of eggs we've
got a quarter a tin of coconut milk
pinch of salt some dark chocolate we've
got two teaspoons of baking powder and a
little bit of maple syrup and over here
we've got some strawberries and
blueberries just to dress the plate with
afterwards first up we're gonna grab
ourselves a bowl can you grab a couple
of eggs pop them in we've got a pinch of
salt straight in we've got our cocoa
powder as it's quite bitter because this
is unsweetened so to sweeten this out a
little bit with the Prince of chocolate
so with the chocolate we're just gonna
literally snap that in as that one's
very that'll start to melt and you get a
little chocolaty bits inside the waffle
now I'm using the chocolate orange to
give it that sort of Terry chocolate or
any sort of taste if you like baking
powder 2 teaspoons chuck that in now as
I said about the sweetener we've got a
little bit of maple syrup here you can
use coconut syrup if you want to add
that in
like yogurt and strawberries and
blueberries just address it with
afterwards and then we've got our one
and a half cups of almond flour give
that a good mix now I can go in with my
quart of a can of coconut milk mix that
up that essentially is your complete
batter mix good mix up this will make
about three to four bottles of good size
once that's mixed up and you've got that
sort of consistency we're good to go
with the waffle iron so turn you off a
line on and a little tip if you don't
want it to stick but a little bit of
coconut oil around the waffle maker
beforehand and that's good to go
looks like a batter mix
quit check on the waffles you want them
to be nice and crisp on the outside
licensed early on the inside you can go
back in again for another minute just
serve these up sir we've got our waffles
crispy on the outside nice and soft in
the center got a little bit of chocolate
sauce so just melt it down take one of
our waffles and because I'm gonna be
sharing this I'm gonna put four in there
I'm not gonna eat a wall myself honestly
give it more of our yogurt just over the
top some of our fruits got some
strawberries got some blueberries so
Scala's over the top and I'm gonna just
in a drizzle just a little bit of our
coconut syrup just over the top
lil bit of a chocolate sauce
so there we have it that's my chocolates
gluten-free waffles you can start the
day with that or finish the day with
that whatever you want to do either way
these things are pretty damn awesome so
they're crispy on the outside soft and
flaky in the middle a bit like blueberry
if you recreate this one as always
hashtag me at host kitchen and also
comment down below if you've got any
suggestions that you actually want me to
make someone which might be a bit
naughty
you want to make me to make it as
healthy as possible for you if so I love
your suggestions so comment down below
please tell everyone about the channel
please subscribe please click up above
and subscribe to the channel tell
everyone about it nice to see you soon
cheers then bye bye